{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17220\viewh13440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 So, I'm working this job.  Pizza.  You know, one of those after school jobs, delivering pizza.  Pretty sweet.  Got a scooter, one of those 100cc jobs, with a box on the back.  For the pizza, you know.  Keep it hot.  Other stuff too, we got other stuff, you know, salads, breadsticks, poppers, stuff.  And in the box and off you go.  All over town.  Get to take all the short cuts, through alleys, parking lots, that kind of thing.  "We Deliver Fast, From The East".  That's the slogan. "From the East", got to explain that part.  This particular job, I'm working for this Italian guy, Victor Gasso, and he's got this nutty thing going - The 3 Kings Pizza - that's the name of the joint.  And that's okay, I guess, but this "From The East", that's just stupid.  Victor says, we're on the Eastside of town, but I say, who's gonna care?  Then he's got these crazy pizzas.  I mean, he's got the usual - Roma, Napoli, Hawaiian - that stuff, but then here's this Gold, Frankincense, and Myrrh?  I mean, I get it, you got the Gold, you got the Frankincense, you got the Myrrh coming from the 3 Kings from the East, sure, but it's painful, embarrassing even, stupid.  I tell Victor but he just laughs.  He loves this Bible stuff; me, I think it's goofy.  I mean Gold is okay, but a Frankincense pizza, what's that? a monster pizza with a bunch of left overs all over it?  And Myrrh?  That doesn't even sound good, like some kind of slimy stuff in a jar that's been in the fridge for 40 years.  You want some more myrrrrrrh on your pizza, sir?  But, anyway, we sell a lot of this stuff.  It's stupid to me but, hey, I got some money in my pocket and I get to ride this sweet bike, impress a girl now and then.  Your mother, by the way, but that's another story for another time.\
\
So, it's Christmas Eve and I'm working.  I'm having a coke in the back room and Victor yells, got a Triple to the Bethlehem Hotel room 321.  A Triple, you guessed it, is the Gold, the Frankincense, the Myrrh.  You order all 3 large and it's a deal.  I load em up and head out.  Out on the streets.  Getting late but it's still happening.  Lights all over.  Music.  Lots of parties.  Not a lot a traffic and that's nice.  Snow?  Don't remember.  But, hell yeah, it's Christmas, so I'll put in some snow.  Maybe some chestnuts roasting on an open fire too.  Got to the hotel and it's the usual.  McGuinn, the doorman, is out front in that goofy outfit, like a general in the North Korean Army, and he yells the usual thing "Don't park that piece of junk out there!" And I yell the usual "Aah, don't get your shorts on fire, it'll be a minute!"  So he yells, and I yell, and it's all good.  I'm up the elevator and I can hear the party before I get to the floor.  They got LayZ's Christmas thing on at full blast.  The brother rhymes "rap" with "wrap", like Christmas Wrap, what a genius, ha ha.  It's like ear punishing loud.  I got to pound on the door for like a minute before some guy answers and I can just see a little of what's going on inside and I don't want to go into that, just saying,  what these folks doing, they better hope Jesus don't pick this particular moment to show up for the second time.  Christmas Spirits flowing freely, to say the least. But this particular guy is a jerk.  Don't know nothing about no pizza, he says.  Damn, maybe he the man!  LayZ hisownself.  Slams the door and after about a minute more knocking, I figure I'm done.  So, I'm stuck with the pizzas, which is a bummer because Victor'll take it out of my pay.  Down the elevator.  McGuinn gives me a look that might mean Merry Christmas or Get the Hell out of here.  So, I'm gone and heading back to the barn.  And I'm looking at the stars, so maybe it wasn't snowing, and feeling the cold and feeling pretty good even though I'm stuck with the pizza.  Parties going on everywhere, but, you know, I can do without that stuff.  Give me a little peace and quiet, an open street, a green traffic light, and I'm good.\
\
So, I'm going around the park when I see them.  The three of them, this family, out there in the cold on a bench, an old guy and a woman and some baby, a really little kid.  And they're all wrapped up in them scarves, like the Mosquemens or whatever, those head things, but I say, what the hell, I got 3 hot pizzas getting cold and it's clear these three are cold and hungry; but what a baby is going to do with a pizza, I don't know.  About as useful as that kid with a drum in that dumb song, but, anyway, I hand them the pizza.  Here you go, Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkahkawanzaaclaus!}