{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	"And, so, I dig this up and I dig this up, and\'85"  Fred Smith was muttering to himself while digging up the tough quince bush out by the street.\
	She said, "We need to dig out that quince and plant it in back."\
	He didn't say anything right off because he had several objections to this statement and he was deliberating which voicing of them would lead to most propitious outcome, which, in his mind, would be to neither dig it up nor replant it.\
	First of all "we" meant "you", that is, Frank, not Sally nor Sally and Frank.  But this objection was an old, possibly humorous, but probably annoying rejoinder, that would't go anywhere.  Second, "need to".  This is always debatable.  "At our age, what do we really need to do?", he might say philosophically.  "We need to dig up this quince," would be the certain reply.\
	So, he said, "They're asphalting the Anderson Parkway today.  I think I'll go down there and watch."\
	And, so, he was muttering while he dug out the quince.  This turned out to be more of a job than either of them expected.  The quince grew robustly, as did anything planted in the wrong places, that is, places requiring them to be dug up later.  On the other hand, things planted in the right places remained puny, resplendent in puniness, requiring them to be dug up later too, to be replanted in a "better" place.  Somehow Frank had the idea that once planted a plant should stay planted, or better yet, a plant should remain planted at the nursery down the road.  On his walks around the neighborhood he often passed a place on 9th Street that had a "lawn" of lava rock, the rock covering a sturdy sheet of plastic which forbade any green thing to penetrate - in short, an ideal lawn.  Sally's ideal was different, though no more realized than Frank's.  She didn't paint but wanted to create a landscape that was worthy of an artist.  Alas, the robust alternated with the puny and a moderately successful idea was never realized.\
\
	After digging a much wider and deeper hole around the tenacious quince roots and jamming a steel bar into the root ball, they managed to pry the damned thing out.\
	Now to dig the hole for it in the back garden, the thought being, and this without consulting a Northwest gardening guide, that more shade would be better for the quince (even though the antecedent proceedings had proved that a quince will do just fine without shade).  But, first a snack and a rest.\
	They brought out a bag of chips, glasses with ice, and some fizzy water and sat on the front porch.  They had lived here for 30 years now.  The changes had been gradual but there was still the blue and white steeple of the 1st Lutheran Church, the glimpse of the mountains, the big firs, the short row of house on Ness Street.\
	In time, they got up from their chairs on the porch and walked, hand in hand, into the backyard.  The bell at 1st Lutheran rang the Westminister Chimes and then 3.  They decided on the spot in the South East corner under the dogwood tree.  Frank got the shovel and the post hole digger from the garage and started digging the hole.  He wasn't muttering now - even his previous muttering had been good humored.  It was a lovely day.  The afternoon sun was comfortably warm and mellow, the shade from the dogwood refreshing, there was a slight breeze.  He was given to reflection, but not of anything other than an amused curiosity of the things that came to mind.  Why would he be thinking of a horseshoe crab in New Jersey just now?\
	In a half hours time he had a hole roughly 2 by 2 by 2, with a nice conical pile of dirt beside it.  He was getting a few more shovels full out when the bone showed itself in the dirt.  It could have been a white rock or a piece of wood.  He picked it out and found it too light for a rock and too hard for wood - a bone, and it jumped into his mind that it was a knuckle bone.  He looked at it, the knuckely thing in his upturned palm, for several minutes as he thought about the succession of pets that had been buried in this general area of the backyard.  But when they picked the spot to dig for the quince they had talked about this and picked a spot away from the animal graveyard, but neither could remember exactly where it was.  So, it should't be a dog or cat bone, certainly not a mouse or fish bone.  It was a human bone, a human knuckle bone - the thought jumped unreasonably into his mind.  He decided to investigate further.  He dug lightly in the same area and dislodged several more bones.  He stopped, put down the shovel, and walked to the garage to get a whisk broom.  Using this more forensic device he was able to brush away dirt without moving the bones and in a few minutes a skeletal hand was clearly resting in the dirt at the bottom of the hole.  He stopped and called Sally.\
	"Look at this," he said, stepping aside and pointing.\
	She sad nothing.  He waited.  Then she said, "We should call the police."  And she walked into the house.\
	Frank stood and stared into the hole at the hand.  He wondered what it had last touched.  He shouldn't have, but he crouched down once again, took the whisk broom and brushed aside some more dirt.  The phrase "disturbing the evidence" came to his mind, but also the thought, "it's my backyard, it's my hand."  Something else showed itself clearly from the dirt.  Not a bone this time.  He picked it up and put it in his pocket.}